You are not required to write the Week 14 blog, but if you choose to do so, consider this final question: Look back at what you wrote in that first week of class. Do you think this class turned out how you expected?

# Week 14
## Preface
My apologies for not including details of my work on the Godot project in the past two (three) blogs, I had totally forgotton that was required since the prompt to chronicle our efforts in each blog had disappeared from the prompts.

I had a great time on the 29th or 30th of April, addressing an issue in the main codebase (my first actual code contribution!). Even more so, the PR addressing the issue was merged the same day (about 10 hours later), but this time I had far more commmunication with the community than my previous pull request. 

The issue regarded a function not acting properly when the engine was compiled in a certain way (Mono/C# as opposed to C++). Can't lie that it wasn't confusing, given that I wasn't aware of the difference at first, which caused me to pry for more info from the user who submitted the issue as to reproduce the problem. 

Once I had figured out that I had to compile the program differently, I went to work doing just that. That required me to do more wrestling with git (at first I had no idea it was because I had been changing branches, fetching, and pulling improperly). Once that was out of the way, I was able to make the appropriate change (which seemed glaringly obvious but I can imagine things of that nature were easy to overlook). 

  
## Retrospect
Had this class turned out how I expected? With no context one can assume the answer would be no. With respect to current events, absolutely not. With respect solely to the format of the class itself? Also no. I will elaborate.

I don't know why I expected this class to help me interface and integrate into open source communities. My biggest problem, both self-proclaimed and observed, was that I got too nervous for it. This crippled my attempts to enter Google's Summer of Code in the past two years, and generally limited by ability to make any kind of interaction with any open source community. 

However, through the project contribution mandated by the class, I was able to not only make contributions to the Godot project but also interact with its community of users, contributors, and maintainers while doing so. Far easier than I feared, insanely easier. Effortless, almost. No introductions necessary, just getting to work. Thats all I ever really wanted out of an open source experience, or anything in computer science and tech, just an opportunity to work. Even if the contributions aren't the most substantial things, I've can say/know that I've done something, for an effort larger than myself. 

I didn't anticipate the necessity of command line filter tools. That could explain another component of my previous aprehension that shot down my GSoC efforts: the vastness of an open source repo. One of my biggest problems with many things is (or was) not knowing where to start with respect to the infinitely expansive nature of stuff. From more concrete things like a codebase to more abstract concepts like what I want to do once I graduate (I now have a much stronger take on this compared to like, a year ago). Making us pursue issues was the start of changing this. Even then I would get lost in the files. Then Professor Weiss reinforced the importance of filters and interactions with the codebase became significantly more simple. These tools alone have revolutionized the way I interact with codebases.

With the fact that these blogs will remain open, I hope to continue to chronical my work as I attempt to keep my momentum throughout the summer and after graduating. Right now I'm looking into an issue in the (https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA)[Cataclysm:DDA] repo, hoping to get my feet wet after nearly a decade of being a user. 
