# Week 15
## Contributions
This week I made a contribution to the Cataclysm-DDA repo. The issue in question arose in the wake of a new feature being worked on, such that instead of the previous inventory system where the limit of how much you could carry was the sum of the volume values of every bag you wore, bags and clothes now have proper pockets (like microbags, almost), and instead of your capacity being a sum of volume, each item has a length property that, if within the depth cap of a given pocket, could be stored in that pocket.

The issue existed because as of writing this, most item lengths are auto-generated from their volume values which can lead to some unusual circumstances such as [Issue # 40614](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/issues/40614), where jackhammers were comping up as 17cm long. 

This could have been resolved in a more prompt manner if there was documentation on how to override the calculated length of a given item. At first I simply inserted a "length" property into the item's JSON, to no avail. It took hours of looking through the PR that introduced the new inventory system for me to find the concept of "longest_side" referenced in a .cpp file. I tried that instead of length and, well, the rest was history.

I'm still on the hunt for Godot issues of greater importance that I can wrap my head around. Stay tuned!

## MLH Fellowship
I'm excited to say I've applied for the MLH Fellowship, which would put me in closer contact to other open source people as well as a chance to contribute to widely used open source products. It is a new and rare opportunity, and following the erasure of traditional hackathons, maybe I can start back up on working with new groups towards common goals. 
