# Week 12

## Tom Callaway's Blog on Business Models for Open Source Software

Several models listed by Callaway stand out to me. The order presented is meaningless, just visual candy and entries are ordered in the order that I remember them.

### 1. Open Core
From a rudimentary understanding of business, supply and demand, and all that, the Open Core model makes the most sense. Heck, as an end user it feels analogous to the days of free trials and demos for software and games, or non-open-source software that has a free tier of their proprietary offering (Ableton Live (number) Lite comes to mind, horrible that it only has like 1 audio track to work with). Callaway states that most businesses in this space operate under this model but believes that having a foot on both sides of the division between open source and proprietary works is a hinderance to potential revenue. 

### 2. Peace of Mind
I'm not sure if this is the official term for this kind of business model or just the best name Callaway could devise for this. He claims that this model is brand new (as of the article being published in the beginning of 2019). What surprises me is how something of this nature has not been done sooner as there are many middleman esq services across all industries already in existence. While not exactly the same thing, it reminds me of hosting services that manage all the intricate details of running a server, and security, for its clients. Definately a great niche to fill, I find this really cool.

### 3. FUD
Callaway's description of how MongoDB performs like this feels sinister, like engineering a non-existant problem to make sales (allegedly like many subscription anti-virus companies do). Although it is their software, I feel like using licenses in a such a way is kind of underhanded. I may not fully understand the scope of this kind of strategy and will probably feel differently once I re-evaluate it at a later date.

### 4. Subscription-based
I typically dislike subscription software as despite the advantages and utilities presented by these companies, you effectively don't own the software you pay for. First to come to mind is the dichotomy of Microsoft Office (the yearly editions) being several hundred dollars for a license, or the Office 365 (yearly subscription with latest updates at a reduced price, but a continuous price nonetheless), or how Adobe moved its software from expensive licenses to yearly subscriptions (here there is no option between big expense or extended expense, and at that point I'd rather use GIMP or something else that doesn't bleed me dry).

This digression doesn't exactly apply to how open source software companies handle this, as according to Callaway, customers are not paying for a "right to use" the software and that the "source is available to everyone." This feels very closely related to the Open Core model.

## Would I want to work for a company that strictly produced open source software?

If I was afforded the opportunity, surely. It'd probably be unlike most experiences I'd be able to find in the tech sector. I'd probably find myself wanting to work in a Peace of Mind modeled company (providing support to clients AND the open source projects sounds like one of the few morally justifiable middleman industries). In a different respect, I'd probably have a great time interfacing with contributors and users alike regarding a project I am paid to work on. Not to say it would potentially make my job easier but it would likely help move development along at a faster rate.

## An Open Source Solution to Election Fraud, by the Open Source Election Technology Institute
